Week - 2 Hash Maps/Week - 2 Hash Maps.md, before:

# Week - 2

### 1. [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) - Easy 🟢

This question was asked by **Google**.

Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target.

You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice.

You can return the answer in any order.

    Input: nums = [2,7,11,15], target = 9
    
    Output: [0,1]
    
    Output: Because nums[0] + nums[1] == 9, we return [0, 1].

[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/1.%20Two%20Sum.java)

***

### 2. [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Amazon**. 

Given a string representing your stones and another string representing a list of jewels, return the number of stones that you have that are also jewels. 

    Ex: Given the following jewels and stones...
    
    jewels = "abc", stones = "ac", return 2
    
    jewels = "Af", stones = "AaaddfFf", return 3
    
    jewels = "AYOPD", stones = "ayopd", return 0
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/2.%20Jewels%20and%20Stones.java)

***

### 3. [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Facebook**.

Given two strings s and t return whether or not s is an anagram of t. 

Note: An anagram is a word formed by reordering the letters of another word. 

    Ex: Given the following strings...
    
    s = "cat", t = "tac", return true
    
    s = "listen", t = "silent", return true
    
    s = "program", t = "function", return false
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/3.%20Valid%20Anagram.java)

***

### 4. [First Unique Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Microsoft**.

Given a string, return the index of its first unique character.

If a unique character does not exist, return -1. 

    Ex: Given the following strings...
    
    "abcabd", return 2
    
    "thedailybyte", return 1
    
    "developer", return 0
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/4.%20First%20Unique%20Character.java)

***

### 5. [Find the Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Google**.

You are given two strings, s and t which only consist of lowercase letters.

t is generated by shuffling the letters in s as well as potentially adding an additional random character. Return the letter that was randomly added to t if it exists, otherwise, return ’ ‘. 

Note: You may assume that at most one additional character can be added to t. 

    Ex: Given the following strings...
    
    s = "foobar", t = "barfoot", return 't'
    
    s = "ide", t = "idea", return 'a'
    
    s = "coding", t "ingcod", return ''
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/5.%20Find%20the%20Difference.java)

Commit message:

Till Intersection of Two Arrays

Week - 2 Hash Maps/Week - 2 Hash Maps.md, after:

# [Week - 2️⃣](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/tree/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps)

### 1. [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) - Easy 🟢

This question was asked by **Google**.

Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target.

You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice.

You can return the answer in any order.

    Input: nums = [2,7,11,15], target = 9
    
    Output: [0,1]
    
    Output: Because nums[0] + nums[1] == 9, we return [0, 1].

[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/1.%20Two%20Sum.java)

***

### 2. [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Amazon**. 

Given a string representing your stones and another string representing a list of jewels, return the number of stones that you have that are also jewels. 

    Ex: Given the following jewels and stones...
    
    jewels = "abc", stones = "ac", return 2
    
    jewels = "Af", stones = "AaaddfFf", return 3
    
    jewels = "AYOPD", stones = "ayopd", return 0
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/2.%20Jewels%20and%20Stones.java)

***

### 3. [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Facebook**.

Given two strings s and t return whether or not s is an anagram of t. 

Note: An anagram is a word formed by reordering the letters of another word. 

    Ex: Given the following strings...
    
    s = "cat", t = "tac", return true
    
    s = "listen", t = "silent", return true
    
    s = "program", t = "function", return false
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/3.%20Valid%20Anagram.java)

***

### 4. [First Unique Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Microsoft**.

Given a string, return the index of its first unique character.

If a unique character does not exist, return -1. 

    Ex: Given the following strings...
    
    "abcabd", return 2
    
    "thedailybyte", return 1
    
    "developer", return 0
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/4.%20First%20Unique%20Character.java)

***

### 5. [Find the Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Google**.

You are given two strings, s and t which only consist of lowercase letters.

t is generated by shuffling the letters in s as well as potentially adding an additional random character. Return the letter that was randomly added to t if it exists, otherwise, return ’ ‘. 

Note: You may assume that at most one additional character can be added to t. 

    Ex: Given the following strings...
    
    s = "foobar", t = "barfoot", return 't'
    
    s = "ide", t = "idea", return 'a'
    
    s = "coding", t "ingcod", return ''
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/5.%20Find%20the%20Difference.java)

***

### 6. [Intersection of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/) - Easy 🟢

This question is asked by **Google**.

Given two integer arrays, return their intersection. 

Note: the intersection is the set of elements that are common to both arrays. 

    Ex: Given the following arrays...
    
    nums1 = [2, 4, 4, 2], nums2 = [2, 4], return [2, 4]
    
    nums1 = [1, 2, 3, 3], nums2 = [3, 3], return [3]
    
    nums1 = [2, 4, 6, 8], nums2 = [1, 3, 5, 7], return []
    
[Solution](https://github.com/AlbusDracoSam/DailyByte/blob/main/Week%20-%202%20Hash%20Maps/6.%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Arrays.java)
    
***
